Win32-WMIC

Windows Management Instrumentation Command-line (WMIC), which uses the
power of Windows Management Instrumentation (WMI) to enable systems
management from the command line, is one of those reasons.

WMI has been an important part of Microsoft's systems management
initiative since Microsoft Systems Management Server (SMS) 2.0 and has
grown in popularity since the introduction of Windows 2000. However, until
the introduction of WMIC, you couldn't easily access the WMI repository or
the WMI namespace from a command prompt.

WMIC extends WMI for operation from several command-line interfaces and
through batch scripts. Before WMIC, you used WMI-based applications
(such as SMS), the WMI Scripting API, or tools such as CIM Studio to manage
WMI-enabled computers. Without a firm grasp on a programming language such
as C++ or a scripting language such as VBScript and a basic understanding
of the WMI namespace, do-it-yourself systems management with WMI was
difficult. WMIC changes this situation by giving you a powerful,
user-friendly interface to the WMI namespace.

WMIC is more intuitive than WMI, in large part because of aliases. Aliases
take simple commands that you enter at the command line, then act upon the
WMI namespace in a predefined way, such as constructing a complex WMI Query
Language (WQL) command from a simple WMIC alias Get command. Thus, aliases
act as friendly syntax intermediaries between you and the namespace.

See this URL for more details: [last checked Mon Dec 28 21:42:44 2009 ]
http://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/library/bb742610.aspx

INSTALLATION

To install this module, run the following commands:

	perl Makefile.PL
	make
	make test
	make install
	
SYNOPSIS

    use Win32::WMIC;

    my $wmic = Win32::WMIC->new();
    my $wql  = "useraccount list brief";
    my $csv  = $wmic->query($wql)->data;
    my $data = $wmic->parse;

SUPPORT AND DOCUMENTATION

After installing, you can find documentation for this module with the
perldoc command.

    perldoc Win32::WMIC

You can also look for information at:

    RT, CPAN's request tracker
        http://rt.cpan.org/NoAuth/Bugs.html?Dist=Win32-WMIC

    AnnoCPAN, Annotated CPAN documentation
        http://annocpan.org/dist/Win32-WMIC

    CPAN Ratings
        http://cpanratings.perl.org/d/Win32-WMIC

    Search CPAN
        http://search.cpan.org/dist/Win32-WMIC/


COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2009 Al Newkirk

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself.

